Ahhh, wait, wait.
I would like to take you as my teacher
Demolish for you
Then you kneel and kowtow
Oh my god
Meet the master
Stupid, you're so damn ambitious
Hey, master, you won't lie to me, will you?
Really stupid
What are you?
Also worthy to be my apprentice
Dare to play with my lady, I will
Ah, I don't know
Now it's your turn.
It turns out that your confidence is the kung fu of this three-legged cat
So ignorant
My son is crazy
You are just a pawn on the plate
The qualification to gamble has to be nodded before you have it.
Really consider yourself an odd number
Are you crazy? This is the divine monkey of Great Xia
All subordinates are soldiers
It's all sky
Even if you use a miracle
Not his opponent
Thank you, that's enough, stop talking
Marquis Shen Wei, please forgive me.
He will never dare to do it again
Sun Shao, it's your turn to talk too much
Fourth Young Master has nothing to do with my Li family
You can do whatever you want.
Yeah, yeah, whatever
You hear me, ant?
There's no rescue.
Kneel down and kowtow
Let me kneel
Even if your master comes today, he is not qualified
How dare you insult my master
Do you want to delay and wait for that Liu Kun?
Dream on.
He's just a town and dares to meddle in my business when he's familiar
Come
Break up 206 bones in his body and feed them to the dogs
Stop